Description
A smart banner will be displayed on the login screen when users open the PSC application in a mobile browser. The banner will provide information about the PSM mobile application and will feature an "Install" button for Android users and a "GET" button for iOS users. If the user already has the PSM app installed, an "Open" button will be displayed instead.

Functional Requirements
1. Display Criteria:
The smart banner will be displayed when the PSC application is accessed via a mobile browser.
The banner will not be displayed when accessing PSC from web/desktop browsers.
The banner will not be displayed within the PSM mobile application.

2. Banner Content:

The smart banner will include:

App name
App information (Content : Download PaySchools Central Mobile App for easy mobile payments, manage student accounts, lunch balances, fees, and more—all at your fingertips! )
App screenshots ( Attached below )
An "Install" button for Android devices
A "GET" button for iOS devices
An "Open" button if the PSM app is already installed
A close (x) button to dismiss the banner
3. Banner Behavior:

The banner will have an expanded and collapsed view:

Expanded View: Shows app name, buttons, app information, and app screenshots.
Collapsed View: Shows only app name and buttons.
By default, the banner will be in the expanded view upon loading.
Users can manually expand or collapse the banner at any time.
The close (x) button will be available in both views to dismiss the banner.
4. User Interaction:

Install/GET Button:

If the banner is displayed on an Android device, the "Install" button will direct the user to the Google Play Store.
If the banner is displayed on an iOS device, the "GET" button will direct the user to the Apple App Store.
Collapse icon: 

If clicked, banner should be collapsed to display collapsed view
Open Button:

If the PSM app is already installed on the device, the banner will display an "Open" button.
Clicking the "Open" button will direct the user to the PSM application.

Buttons

"Install" button (Android): Directs the user to the Google Play Store.
"GET" button (iOS): Directs the user to the Apple App Store.
"Open" button (if PSM app is installed): Directs the user to the PSM application.
“Close” button: Closes the banner



Rules and Validation:

1. The smart banner will be displayed only when accessing PSC through mobile browsers.
2. There should be no time limit for how long the banner is displayed.
3. Ensure the banner is not displayed within the PSM mobile application.